//phil welsby - 11 sept 2021

LINK: https://flexboxfroggy.com/

justify-content aligns items horizontally, and accepts the following values:

    flex-start: Items align to the left side of the container.
    flex-end: Items align to the right side of the container.
    center: Items align at the center of the container.
    space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
    space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.


align-items aligns items vertically and accepts the following values:

    flex-start: Items align to the top of the container.
    flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container.
    center: Items align at the vertical center of the container.
    baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
    stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.


flex-direction defines the direction items are placed in the container, 
and accepts the following values:

    row: Items are placed the same as the text direction.
    row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction.
    column: Items are placed top to bottom.
    column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.

Sometimes reversing the row or column order of a container is not enough. 
In these cases, we can apply the order property to individual items. 
By default, items have a value of 0, but we can use this property to also 
set it to a positive or negative integer value (-2, -1, 0, 1, 2).

SYNTAX:
  display: flex;
}

.red {
  order: -1
}


Another property you can apply to individual items is align-self. 
This property accepts the same values as align-items and its value for the specific item.

SYNTAX
  display: flex;
  align-items: flex-start;
}

.yellow {
  align-self: flex-end
}


flex-wrap property accepts the following values:

    nowrap: Every item is fit to a single line.
    wrap: Items wrap around to additional lines.
    wrap-reverse: Items wrap around to additional lines in reverse.


The two properties flex-direction and flex-wrap are used so often together 
that the shorthand property flex-flow was created to combine them. 
This shorthand property accepts the value of the two properties separated by a space.

For example, you can use flex-flow: row wrap to set rows and wrap them.


align-content to set how multiple lines are spaced apart from each other. 
This property takes the following values:

    flex-start: Lines are packed at the top of the container.
    flex-end: Lines are packed at the bottom of the container.
    center: Lines are packed at the vertical center of the container.
    space-between: Lines display with equal spacing between them.
    space-around: Lines display with equal spacing around them.
    stretch: Lines are stretched to fit the container.

This can be confusing, but align-content determines the spacing between lines, 
while align-items determines how the items as a whole are aligned within the 
container. When there is only one line, align-content has no effect.


